docs: clarify continue-as-new behavior for child workflows #5021 (#5130)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-features-concepts.md

1. **Use the _continue-as-new_ API**:
    Each workflow SDK exposes a _continue-as-new_ API that workflows can invoke to restart themselves with a new input and history. The _continue-as-new_ API is especially ideal for implementing "eternal workflows", like monitoring agents, which would otherwise be implemented using a `while (true)`-like construct. Using _continue-as-new_ is a great way to keep the workflow history size small.

    {{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

>     _Continue-as-new_ proceeds immediately without waiting for child workflows that were started but not awaited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue-as-new restarts the workflow immediately and discards the results of any incomplete tasks - including activities, timers, and child workflows that were started but not awaited. 
```
